=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

svtplay-dl - media downloader for "play" sites (e.g. SVT Play)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 svtplay-dl [OPTIONS] <URL>
 svtplay-dl --help

=head1 DESCRIPTION

svtplay-dl is able to download media from various 'video on
demand' sites (sometimes known as 'play services') (see below
for list of supported services). Usually, you just have to
give it the URL as an argument, and it will figure out what
to do itself.

=head2 OPTIONS

=head3 --version

Show the program's version number and exit.

=head3 --help  -h

Show description of options.

=head3 --output=filename  -o filename

Outputs to the given filename.

=head3 --force  -f

Overwrite the output file if it exists already.

=head3 --resume  -r

Resume a download.

=head3 --live  -l

Enable support for live streams. (rtmp based ones)

=head3 --silent  -s

Be less verbose.

=head3 --verbose  -v

Explain what is going on, including HTTP requests and other useful
debugging data.

=head3 --quality=quality  -q quality

Choose what format to download. It will download the best format
by default.

=head3 --flexible-quality=amount  -Q amount

Allow given quality (as above) to differ by an amount.

=head3 --list-quality

List the available qualities for a video.

=head3 --hls  -H

Use HTTP Live Streaming when downloading.

=head3 --subtitle  -S

Download subtitle with the media if available.

=head3 --force-subtitle

Download only subtitle if its used with -S.

=head3 --require-subtitle

Download only if a subtitle is available

=head3 --username=USERNAME  -u USERNAME

Username, if the service requires authentication.

=head3 --password=PASSWORD  -p PASSWORD

Password, if the serivce requires authentication.

=head3 -t, --thumbnail

Download thumbnail from the site if available.

=head3 -A, --all-episodes

Try to download all episodes.

=head3 --all-last=NN

Get last NN episodes instead of all episodes, when used with
--all-episodes.

=head3 -P preferred, --preferred=preferred

Preferred download method.

=head3 --exclude=WORD1,WORD2,...

Exclude videos with the WORD(s) in the filename. Comma separated.

=head3 --get-url -g

Do not download any video, but instead print the URL.

=head1 SUPPORTED SERVICES

=head2 English

=over

=item * Bambuser: L<http://bambuser.com/>

=item * HBO: L<http://hbo.com/>

=item * Twitch: L<http://twitch.tv/>

=item * Vimeo: L<http://vimeo.com/>

=item * Viagame: L<http://www.viagame.com/>

=back

=head2 Swedish

=over

=item * Aftonbladet: L<http://www.aftonbladet.se/>

=item * Comedycentral.se: L<http://www.comedycentral.se>

=item * Dagens Industri: L<http://di.se/>

=item * Dagens Nyheter: L<http://dn.se/>

=item * Dplay: L[<http://www.dplay.se/>

=item * DR: L<http://dr.dk/>

=item * EFN: L<http://www.efn.se/>

=item * Expressen: L<http://expressen.se/>

=item * Kanal5 Play: L<http://kanal5play.se/>

=item * Kanal9 Play: L<http://kanal9play.se/>

=item * Öppet Arkiv: L<http://oppetarkiv.se/>

=item * Svenska kennelklubben play: L<http://www.skkplay.se/>

=item * Svenska Dagbladet: L<http://svd.se/>

=item * Sveriges Radio: L<http://sverigesradio.se/>

=item * SVT Play: L<http://svtplay.se/>

=item * TV10 Play: L<http://tv10play.se/>

=item * TV3 Play: L<http://tv3play.se/>

=item * TV4: L<http://tv4.se/>

=item * TV4 Play: L<http://tv4play.se/>

=item * TV6 Play: L<http://tv6play.se/>

=item * TV8 Play: L<http://tv8play.se/>

=item * UR: L<http://ur.se/>

=item * UR Play: L<http://urplay.se/>

=back

=head2 Danish

=over

=item * DR: L<http://dr.dk/>

=item * TV3 Play: L<http://tv3play.dk/>

=back

=head2 Norwegian

=over

=item * NRK: L<http://nrk.no/>

=item * TV3 Play: L<http://tv3play.no/>

=item * Viasat 4 play: L<http://viasat4play.no/>

=back

=head2 Icelandic

=over

=item * RUV: L<http://ruv.is/>

=back

=head2 Estonian

=over

=item * TV3 Play: L<http://tv3play.ee/>

=back

=head2 Latvian

=over

=item * TV3 Play: L<http://tv3play.lv/>

=back

=head2 Lithuanian

=over

=item * TV3 Play: L<http://tv3play.lt/>

=back

=head1 REPOTING BUGS AND CONTRIBUTING

If you find an issue with svtplay-dl, you can report them at
L<https://github.com/spaam/svtplay-dl>. Or better yet, if
possible, open a pull request!

=head1 COPYRIGHT

 Copyright (C) 2011--2015, Johan Andersson et al

 This software is licensed under the MIT license.

=cut
